README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Update readme, add pocketbase schema

README.md, after:

## About

DIY Service Log is a full stack application for car enthusiasts to track their vehicle maintenance records. Currently, the application supports user signup/login, adding/multiple vehicles per user, CRUD maintenance records.

## Getting Started

This project is still under development.

To get started you will need to host your own Pocketbase backend. Included in this repository setup folder is pb_schema.json which you can import into pocketbase to create the necessary tables for this application.

Within the .\diy-service-log\src\lib\pocketbase.ts file, please point line 3 to your pocketbase api:

const pb = new PocketBase('#');

Once pocketbase is running, you can run this application like any other Next.js application.

## Screenshots

### Add a New Vehicle
![alt text](setup/screenshots/add-vehicle.png)

### Home
![alt text](setup/screenshots/home.png)

### Maintenance Records
![alt text](setup/screenshots/records.png)

### User Vehicles
![alt text](setup/screenshots/vehicles.png)

### Record Details
![alt text](setup/screenshots/view-record.png)
